[docs][ci skip] Top and Testharness info (#256)
ucb-bar/chipyard: docs/Advanced-Concepts/Top-Testharness.rst

``CanHaveMasterAXI4MemPortModuleImp`` trait, when called from the ``TestHarness``, will instantiate ``SimAXIMem``s
and connect them to the correct IOs of the top.

While this roundabout way of attaching to the IOs of the top may seem to be unnecessarily complex, it allows the designer to compose
custom traits together without having to worry about the details of the implementation of any particular trait.

Specifying a Top
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To see why the Top connection method is useful, consider the case where we want to use a custom Top with additional GPIO pins.
In `generators/example/src/main/scala/Top.scala <https://github.com/ucb-bar/chipyard/blob/master/generators/example/src/main/scala/Top.scala>`__,
we can see how the ``TopWithGPIO`` class adds the ``HasPeripheryGPIO`` trait. This trait adds IOs to the Top module,
instantiates a TileLink GPIO node, and connects it to the proper buses.

If we look at the ``WithGPIOTop`` mixin in the ``ConfigMixins.scala`` file, we see that adding this mixin to the top-level Config overrides the
``BuildTop`` key with a custom function that both instantiates the custom Top, and drives all the GPIO pins.

> When the ``TestHarness`` looksup the ``BuildTop`` key, this function will run and perform this wiring, and then return the Top module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the ``TestHarness`` looks up the ``BuildTop`` key, this function will run and perform the specified wiring, and then return the Top module.
```
